---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: These are the packages we can offer you for your wedding coverage
datePublished: '2016-03-04T00:58:26.530Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-04T00:58:18.081Z'
title: Packages
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-04-packages.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: packages/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
### Wedding Packages

Your wedding day. It's filled with romance and excitement; laughter and tears; and all the people you love.

And it will fly by in a heartbeat!

That's why Tosch Photography will help you preserve every precious moment, so you can relive this incredible day forever. 

Amid all the planning, scheduling and organisation that goes into making your wedding a success, Tosch Photography will effortlessly capture the significant, spontaneous, and beautiful moments of your day: the excitement shared with your bridesmaids as you juggle champagne, shoes and bouquets;  the adoration and awe on his face as he watches you walk nervously down the aisle; the look that passes between you as you share your first kiss as a married couple; and the joy and exuberance of family and friends as together you celebrate the beginning of your new married life. 

Make sure you don't miss a moment.

The range of Tosch Photography wedding photography packages are designed to cover your entire wedding. There are no hourly fees, hidden extras, or unexpected surprises; just exceptional quality and treasured moments captured forever.[Talk to Tosch Photography][0]about creating a stunning visual monument of the most important day of your life.

Silver Package $1600:

• Photographic coverage of the wedding ceremony and your choice of one or two locations following the wedding dependant on time.

• Demo photoset (10-20shots) posted on our website within 48hrs of the wedding.

• A full set of high resolution photos in digital format on a USB key.

Gold $2600 - Silver Package plus:

• A visit to the wedding venue or site before the wedding.

• Full photographic coverage of the day from getting dressed to the first dance.

• 1 x A4 framed photo of your choice.

• 2 photographers capturing your day.

Platinum Package

[0]: http://www.toschphotography.com.au/contact-us.html